added known issue for observability (#6503)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/known_issues_observability.adoc

For more about deprecations and removals, see xref:../release_notes/deprecate_remove.adoc#deprecations-removals[Deprecations and removals].

[#retention-change]
== Retention change causes data loss 
//2.11:11048

> For {product-title-short} 2.11, the default retention for all resolution levels, such as `raw,` 5 minutes, or 1 hour, is updated to 365 days (365d). This 365d default retention means that the default retention for a 1 hour resolution has decreased from `indefinite` (`0d`) to `365d`. This retention change might cause you to lose data. If you did not set an explicit value for the resolution retention in your `MultiClusterObservability` `spec.advanced.retentionConfig` parameter, then this new default retention applies to you, and you might lose data.  

Reviewer: Is the parameter value indefinite? if no, let's only monospace "0d"
```suggestion
For {product-title-short} 2.11, the default retention for all resolution levels, such as `raw,` 5 minutes, or 1 hour, is updated to 365 days (`365d`). This 365d default retention means that the default retention for a 1 hour resolution has decreased from indefinite (`0d`) to `365d`. This retention change might cause you to lose data. If you did not set an explicit value for the resolution retention in your `MultiClusterObservability` `spec.advanced.retentionConfig` parameter, then this new default retention applies to you, and you might lose data.  
```

> For {product-title-short} 2.11, the default retention for all resolution levels, such as `raw,` 5 minutes, or 1 hour, is updated to 365 days (365d). This 365d default retention means that the default retention for a 1 hour resolution has decreased from `indefinite` (`0d`) to `365d`. This retention change might cause you to lose data. If you did not set an explicit value for the resolution retention in your `MultiClusterObservability` `spec.advanced.retentionConfig` parameter, then this new default retention applies to you, and you might lose data.  

Reviewer: My bad Jake, will you ensure that the resolution levels are presented correctly

> For {product-title-short} 2.11, the default retention for all resolution levels, such as `raw,` 5 minutes, or 1 hour, is updated to 365 days (365d). This 365d default retention means that the default retention for a 1 hour resolution has decreased from `indefinite` (`0d`) to `365d`. This retention change might cause you to lose data. If you did not set an explicit value for the resolution retention in your `MultiClusterObservability` `spec.advanced.retentionConfig` parameter, then this new default retention applies to you, and you might lose data.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default retention for all resolution levels, such as `retentionResolutionRaw`, `retentionResolution5m`, or `retentionResolution1h`, is 365 days (`365d`). This 365d default retention means that the default retention for a 1 hour resolution has decreased from indefinite, `0d` to `365d`. This retention change might cause you to lose data. If you did not set an explicit value for the resolution retention in your `MultiClusterObservability` `spec.advanced.retentionConfig` parameter, you might lose data.  
```

For more about deprecations and removals, see xref:../release_notes/deprecate_remove.adoc#deprecations-removals[Deprecations and removals].

[#default-retention]

> == Default retention is 365 days

Reviewer: It is not clear to me what the issue is. Do error messages appear bc the default retention is 365? Do users lose data  bc the retention duration changed?

Reviewer 2: There shouldn't be error messages. 

Customers might lose data because of the retention change.

Reviewer: Thanks for confirming @douglascamata I recommend that we mention data loss in the title @jc-berger

//2.11:11048

> For {product-title-short} 2.11, the down sampling levels has a default retention of 365 days (365d). This 365d default retention means there is now a 1 hour resolution retention, but earlier, the resolution retention was set to 0, meaning it was indefinite. If you did not set an explicit value for the resolution retention in your `MultiClusterObservability` `spec.advanced.retentionConfig`, then this new default retention applies to you.

Reviewer 2: "downsampling" is a single word and should not be separated.

I think we can reframe this sentence to become easier to understand. Here's an idea:

```suggestion
For {product-title-short} 2.11, the default retention for all resolution levels (raw, 5 minutes, 1 hour) is being updated to  365 days (365d). This effective means that the default retention for 1 hour resolution has been decreased from "indefinite" (0d) to 365 days. If you did not set an explicit value for the resolution retention in your `MultiClusterObservability` `spec.advanced.retentionConfig`, then this new default retention applies to you.
```

> For {product-title-short} 2.11, the default retention for all resolution levels, such as `raw,` 5 minutes, or 1 hour, is updated to 365 days (365d). This 365d default retention means that the the default retention for a 1 hour resolution has been decreased from `indefinite` (0d) to 365d. If you did not set an explicit value for the resolution retention in your `MultiClusterObservability` `spec.advanced.retentionConfig`, then this new default retention applies to you.

Reviewer: If the user does not explicitly define the value, what happens? Does the user lose the retention configuration? Is the configuration automatically deleted? I'm confused when you say "this new default retention", is this an enhancement or known issue? 
```suggestion
For {product-title-short} 2.11, the default retention for all resolution levels, such as `raw,` 5 minutes, or 1 hour, is updated to 365 days (365d). This 365d default retention means that the the default retention for a 1 hour resolution has been decreased from `indefinite` (`0d`) to `365d`. If you did not set an explicit value for the resolution retention in your `MultiClusterObservability` `spec.advanced.retentionConfig` parameter, then this new default retention applies to you.
```

Reviewer 2: If the user doesn't specify a value, the default applies. The default retention for the 1 hour resolution is changing. Previously it was indefinite (`0d`), now it will be 365 days (`365d`).

> If you upgraded from an earlier version and want to keep that version's retention configuration, complete the following steps: 

Reviewer: Remove possessive here

> . Go to your `MultiClusterObservability` resource. 

Reviewer: How does the user get to this resource?

> . Go to your application `MultiClusterObservability` resource. 

Author: Not sure exactly how the user gets to the resource. Does it help that I specify the resource within the application? 

@douglascamata is this correct what I have documented in this step? Is there a specific way we can direct users to access the `MultiClusterObservability` resource?

Reviewer 2: @jc-berger I think navigating through the UI to get to it is slightly cumbersome:

- Click on Home
- Click on API Explorer
- Search for "MultiClusterObservability", then click on it.
- Finally, click on the Instances tab and open the single instance that should exist. 

So maybe it's fine if we recommend people to use the command line? It's doable with the `oc` binary tool: `oc edit mco observability`.

Reviewer: @douglascamata I took a look at the ACM Console and ~~do not see the API Explorer. Are you referring to OCP?~~ Never mind I do see it, but I needed to change to the local-cluster. @jc-berger FYI, please update the instructions here
<img width="1528" alt="Screenshot 2024-06-12 at 4 29 17 PM" src="https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/assets/60616885/312a6ec6-478e-49ef-aae4-0ac8195f26cd">
